Project Specification: Data Modeling with Postgres

TABLE CREATION
	Criteria 	Meets Specifications
	Table creation script runs without errors.
	The script, create_tables.py, runs in the terminal without errors. The script successfully connects to the Sparkify database, drops any tables if they exist, and creates the tables.
	Fact and dimensional tables for a star schema are properly defined.
	CREATE statements in sql_queries.py specify all columns for each of the five tables with the right data types and conditions.
	You can implement NOT NULL constraint on the foreign keys in the CREATE statements. However, please be careful with this implementation when you implement the INSERT functions (see rubric "ETL script properly processes transformations in Python") since the dataset contains some null values.
	You should run the tests under the Sanity Tests section at the end of the test.ipynb notebook to check your work for obvious errors.

ETL
	Criteria 	Meets Specifications
	ETL script runs without errors.
	The script, etl.py, runs in the terminal without errors. The script connects to the Sparkify database, extracts and processes the log_data and song_data, and loads data into the five tables.
	Since this is a subset of the much larger dataset, the solution dataset will only have 1 row with values for value containing ID for both songid and artistid in the fact table. Those are the only 2 values that the query in the sql_queries.py will return that are not-NONE. The rest of the rows will have NONE values for those two variables.
	It’s okay if there are some null values for song titles and artist names in the songplays table. There is only 1 actual row that will have a songid and an artistid.
	You should run the tests under the Sanity Tests section at the end of the test.ipynb notebook to check your work for obvious errors.
	ETL script properly processes transformations in Python.
	INSERT statements are correctly written for each table, and handle existing records where appropriate. songs and artists tables are used to retrieve the correct information for the songplays INSERT.
	You should run the tests under the Sanity Tests section at the end of the test.ipynb notebook to check your work for obvious errors.

CODE QUALITY
	Criteria 	Meets Specifications
	The project shows proper use of documentation.
	Create a README file with the following information:
		a summary of the project
		how to run the Python scripts
		an explanation of the files in the repository
	DOCSTRING statements have been added in each function in etl.py file to describe what each function does.
	The project code is clean and modular.
	Scripts have an intuitive, easy-to-follow structure with code separated into logical functions. Naming for variables and functions follows the PEP8 style guidelines.

SUGGESTIONS TO MAKE YOUR PROJECT STAND OUT!
    Insert data using the COPY command to bulk insert log files instead of using INSERT on one row at a time
    Add data quality checks
    Create a dashboard for analytic queries on your new database


